README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 Working on Django with HTMX and highly scalable NoSQL databases like Cassandra and ScyllaDB<br>
🌱 Practicing Machine Learning and Deep Learning with Python using both TensorFlow and PyTorch<br>
👯 Working on Embedded Systems => [Versal vck190](https://github.com/MatteoFasulo/Versal-C-Code)<br>
💬💻 Looking for interesting projects to work on so feel free to ask me any questions and contact me through my socials!<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/matteofasuloo) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/matteofasuloo) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/matteofasulo) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@mat.fasulo) [![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%239146FF.svg?logo=Twitch&logoColor=white)](https://twitch.tv/fasada760) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/matteofasuloo) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ros-%230A0FF9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ros&logoColor=white) ![UNITY](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![ApacheCassandra](https://img.shields.io/badge/cassandra-%231287B1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-cassandra&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RaspberryPi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td valign="top">
      <a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MatteoFasulo&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="MatteoFasulo's GitHub stats" /></a>
    </td>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MatteoFasulo&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=MatteoFasulo&theme=react-dark" alt="GitHub Commits Graph" /></a>

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vetical&theme=react-dark)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MatteoFasulo&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 Sponsor me 
  https://github.com/sponsors/MatteoFasulo

  ## 💰 You can help me by donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/MatteoFasulo)

Commit message:

Update tech stack with WebGPU, transformers.js, and ONNX Runtime

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 Working on WebGPU with transformers.js and ONNX Runtime<br>
🌱 Practicing Machine Learning and Deep Learning with Python using both TensorFlow and PyTorch<br>
👯 Working on Embedded Systems => [Versal vck190](https://github.com/MatteoFasulo/Versal-C-Code)<br>
💬💻 Looking for interesting projects to work on so feel free to ask me any questions and contact me through my social networks!<br>

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/matteofasuloo) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/matteofasulo) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@mat.fasulo) [![Twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-%239146FF.svg?logo=Twitch&logoColor=white)](https://twitch.tv/fasada760) [![X](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fmatteofasuloo
)](https://x.com/matteofasuloo) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ros-%230A0FF9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ros&logoColor=white) ![UNITY](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![ApacheCassandra](https://img.shields.io/badge/cassandra-%231287B1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-cassandra&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-RaspberryPi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td valign="top">
      <a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MatteoFasulo&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="MatteoFasulo's GitHub stats" /></a>
    </td>
    <td valign="top">  
      <a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MatteoFasulo&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<a href="http://www.github.com/MatteoFasulo"><img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=MatteoFasulo&theme=react-dark" alt="GitHub Commits Graph" /></a>

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vetical&theme=react-dark)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MatteoFasulo&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 Sponsor me 
  https://github.com/sponsors/MatteoFasulo

  ## 💰 You can help me by donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/MatteoFasulo)
